docs: fix comment for "what did you see instead" (#5074)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

#### What did you see instead? Under which circumstances?

> <!-- A clear and concise description of ACTUALLY happend (or insert a code snippet). -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear and concise description of what ACTUALLY happened (or insert a code snippet). -->
```

Author: 🤦🏻
